### Privacy policy (opt-in)
Hi new user! Please read this policy thoroughly before using this application. At **Feetback** we value your privacy and thus will only use the necessary data for the application to function.

#### Guides
- [Google guide for end-user opt-in](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy#guides_for_enabling_opt-in_for_end-user_personal_data_processing)

### Data processors
- Google Firebase [Data Processing and Security Terms](https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms)

#### Data storage and processing locations
- Google US data centers

#### Data encryption
The users data is encrypted in transit using HTTPS. Furthermore the user data is also encrypted at rest.

#### Security practices
To keep personal data safe, we employ extensive security measures to minimize access:
- We Restrict access to a select employees who have business purpose to access personal data.
- We log employee access to systems that contain personal data.

### Summary of data wa save
- End users Google Authentication token: this token makes it possible for you to log in using your Google account.
- End users name, email.
- Data generated by the end user within the **Feetback** application.

### User rights
1. [The Right to Information](#the-right-to-information)
2. [The Right of Access](#the-right-of-access)
3. [The Right of Rectification](#the-right-of-rectification)
4. [The Right of Erasure](#the-right-of-erasure)
5. [The Right to Restriction of Processing](#the-right-to-restriction-of-processing)
6. [The Right to Data Portability](#the-right-to-data-portability)
7. [The Right to Object](#the-right-to-object)
8. [The Right to Avoid Automated Decision-Making](#the-right-to-avoid-automated-descision-making)

#### The Right to Information
The first of the eight rights lies in Articles 13 and 14 of the GDPR. [Article 13](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-13-gdpr/) refers to **information that you must provide** when you collect personal data directly from data subjects.


[Article 14](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-14-gdpr/) covers **your responsibilities** when you obtain data about the data subject **from a third party** or **indirectly**.

**Article 13** holds that you must provide the following information when you collect their data (**not after**).


**Article 14** states that you need to provide the same information even if you don't collect the data directly from a data subject but from a third party. A data subject has the right to ask what personal data you collect.

##### Controller identity and contact details and those of the controller's EU representative (if applicable).
AP Hogeschool
Campus Spoor Noord - Ellermanstraat
Ellermanstraat 33, 2060 Antwerpen, Belgium
[onthaal.ell@ap.be](mailto:onthaal.ell@ap.be)
[+32 3 220 33 00 (mo-fr 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.)](tel:+3232203300)

##### Data Protection Officer contact details (if a DPO was appointed).
No DPO is appointed, please contact us using the given contact information.

##### Legal basis for processing an purpose of porcessing.
The data collected is used for educational purposes only.

##### Country where the processor occurs.
Belgium, Finland.

##### [Grounds of Legitimate intrests](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rules-business-and-organisations/legal-grounds-processing-data/grounds-processing/what-does-grounds-legitimate-interest-mean_en) of the processor and third parties.
The data collected is used for educational purposes only.

##### Any recipients of personal data.
The data collected is for the purpose of an international project. This project is hosted between AP University College in Belgium and Oulu University of Applied Sciences in Finland. AP University College is the controller of the data, but the data may be sent to the Oulu University of Applied Sciences in Finland.

Oulu University of Applied Sciences
Linnanmaa Campus
Yliopistokatu 9, 90570 Oulu, Finland
[international@oamk.fi](mailto:international@oamk.fi)
[020 611 0200 (mo-fr 8 a.m. - 4:15 p.m.)](tel:0206110200)

##### Any intention to transfer personal data outside the specified processing place and to a third country (particulary if the country is outside the EU).
[see above](#any-recipients-of-personal-data)

##### Data retention policy (how log data is stored).
The data will be stored until you request to delete it or until the project is done. The project ends lastly on january 1st 2021.

##### Explenation of rights to rectification, erasure, resrtiction of processing and portabililty.
[see: User rights](#user-rights)

##### Explenation of right to withdraw consent.
As a user you have the right to withdraw consent, you can do this in the application settings.

##### Explanation of right to complain to the relevant supervisory authority.
As a user you have the right to complain about the use of your data. Contact us at [onthaal.ell@ap.be](mailto:onthaal.ell@ap.be). Please refer tho the ICT-electronics department.

##### If data collection is a contractual requirement and any consequences.
There are no contractual requirements to the use of this application.

##### Existence of profiling and any other types of automated descision-making and information about the logic behind them.
Your data may be used to compare your jumps to the jumps of other users. This is or could become a feature of the application. If you don't want your data to be shared you can specify this in the applications settings.

#### The Right of Access
[Article 15](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-15-gdpr/) outlines the first named right found in the GDPR: **The right to access**. This means that the data subject may access the personal data belonging to them.


##### Your rights and how to use them
As a user you have the right to ask **why** and **how** your data is processed, **categories** of personal data involved, **who** sees the data (including countries outside the EU), **how long** your data is stored, how to exercise your rights, **source** of the data collected about you and wether we use **automated descision-making**. You may request a copy of your personal information once each month without any fees. You also may ask us to limit the use of your personal data or even delete it.

You also have the right to complain to the Belgian privacy regulator should you feel your rights or the law has been compromised.


###### How to get your data
1. Send us an email at [onthaal.ell@ap.be](mailto:onthaal.ell@ap.be)
2. Use subject: "Request for personal data"
3. Refer to the ICT-electronics department.
4. Specify what data you would want to recieve.
5. We'll get into touch in 48 hours.

#### The Right of Rectification
[Article 16](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-16-gdpr/), the right to rectification, provides European data subjects with the right to change or modify the data they provide you when they believe the data is inaccurate or out-of-date. You need to provide this "without undue delay." Why is holding accurate data so important for you and your data subjects? Because incorrect data threatens the privacy of other individuals.

For example, if you hold data subject phone numbers, you need to acknowledge that people change their phone numbers from time to time. If you hold old phone numbers that were then given away to new customers, you risk contacting a customer who didn't provide consent.

Holding data and contacting customers without their consent is a GDPR violation


As a user you have the right to adjust inaccurate or ou-of-date data. This can be done in the application settings.

#### The Right of Erasure
[Article 17](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-17-gdpr/) describes the user right to erasure, which is better known as the right to be forgotten. When you make the decision to erase a data subject's data according to the right to erasure, you also need to share the request. All other controllers or processors with whom you have a contract also need to be aware of the erasure so that they can also erase:
- Links to ...
- Copies of...
- Replication of personal data


As a user you have the right to request deletion of your data. You can do this by deleting your account in the application settings.

#### The Right to Restriction of Processing
[Article 18](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-18-gdpr/) outlines the data subject's right to request the restriction of processing under certain conditions. That means you must temporarily stop processing their data as requested as long as their requests meets one of the following:
- The data subject contests the accuracy of the data
- The data subject objects to unlawful processing and the data subject prefers you to restrict the processing rather than erasing their data
- The data controller does not need the data for processing but they need to keep the data pursuant to the "establishment, exercise, or defence of a legal claim"
Article 18(3) states that if you temporarily stop processing data, then you must inform the data subject before lifting the restriction and resuming the processing, if you choose to do so.

#### The Right to Data Portability
The right to data portability outlined in [Article 20](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-20-gdpr/) refers to the data subject's right to receive the personal data held by the data controller in a commonly used format and send the data to another controller or use it for their personal purposes, under certain circumstances.


As a user you have the right to recieve your personal data in a structured, machine readable and safe way.

#### The Right to Object
[Article 21](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-21-gdpr/) outlines what is known as the right to object. In simple terms, it says that data subjects have the right to object to your data processing, including profiling, when it is on relevant grounds.


As a user you have the right to object the use of your personal data, at any stage. You also have the right to object to out using of your personal data where our reason is based on legitimate intrests. We will have to stop processing until we can establish that we have compelling legitimate grounds which override your intrests, rights and freedoms, or that we need to continue using it for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.

#### The Right to Avoid Automated Decision-Making
The eighth and final right offered by the GDPR lies in [Article 22](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-22-gdpr/): Automated decision-making, including profiling. It says: "The data subject shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly affects him or her".


As a user you have the right to decline automated decision-making, there are three exception though:
1. When automated decision-making is necessary to enter into or complete a contract.
2. When we have the authorization from the EU or a Member State and uses safeguards to protect the subject's interests and freedom.
3. When you give explicit consent.
We don't use automated descision makeing so don't worry.